#Ryan silver 
I created the classes D6, window, unit, bolt-Gun, weapon, tables, and turn manager. I myself have done unit testing on few classes as compared to Joshua or Aliasghar. My involvement with this project has mainly been to code and integration test unit. I also helped with bug-fixing. As the main coder I kept up-to-date javadocs and exported them for sprint 5. My involvement with window however was limited as Joshua and Aliasghar were to add Pictures instead of circles for the units as well as a game selection screen. 
In window I created the basic framework for the class as it is now. I added the units, made the set on mouse clicked methods and the set text methods. 
I made all of D6, weapon, bolt-gun, turn-manager and tables.
We all to some capacity had a hand in making the units class as the unit class contains everything that a unit can do. It is very difficult to test and debug. As a result Joshua helped me test and debug the class. We found several annoying bugs that we would never have found by ourselves, we also found badly thought out code and fixed that. The resolve close combat method in particular had many problems. The assault phase being the most difficult phase out of them all in Warhammer we had to completely scrap resolve close combat. The new version is 48 lines shorter and is significantly more simplified. 
In future endeavors I want to change the way I communicate with my partners to ensure less rush at the end of the project and more testing.  

#Joshua Donahoe
My experience with this project was both good and bad. It was the very first time I had ever developed something on a team before, so there were many unexpected problems that I never would have imagined before working on the project. In particular, it was extremely difficult to properly manage tasks at first. I would say I'm working on one thing, but then someone else on the team completes it. It was just very awkward and poorly managed at first. Everyone just tried to do their own thing. Difficulties continued to arise, specifically with some errors we had with version control - github specifically. It went beyond just irritating merges, and was a temporary road block we had to get over. It taught me several value lessons that I can take on to my next project. That isn't to say everything was bad though. It was a lot of fun looking at code I didn't write, and figuring out exactly what it did, and then modifying and improving upon it. Communicating with my teammembers about what they were trying to do, and working together to fix problems was really enjoyable. What did I work on with the project? If I had to consider how things worked - Ryan built a lot of the backbone - the combat system, a basic UI, and then I added on top of that. I worked on making the UI look better as well as fixing some bugs that I came across in the various combat calculation methods in the program. Some things I did specifically included, getting images for units, switching our prototype circle objects to imageviews, put light borders around the units to help distinguish one team from another. I also created the unit selection screen which allows for the user to pick whatever unit they want to use - and a victory screen that appeared after detecting who won or lost. I also included a status update text box that helped the user understand what was going on in the game. I also ended up doing the majority of the documentation, and unfortunantely the testing too.
#Aliasghar Amiri
I have faced some challenges to create or contribute to develop I-D-40K board game because it was my first experience on making a board game with a team and using github repository. I know, there is no better way to understand something than engaging yourself in it, and that is essentially what I did. Throughout the process, I was able to work more on Javafx that I had forgotten about since I took CS-202 class. I could not contribute a lot to make my team members happy. I tried my best to do the specific task which was assigned to me. At first, it did not make sense to me what I am doing since I asked a team member. I could help with editing the pictures, testing classes, helping in client/server networking and helping with some documentation. This project definitely changed my views of the game development, and it definitely made me want to get more involve in game development area. Finally, I really appreciate the effort of our team have put in developing I-D-40K. I know Ryan and Joshua have put extra time and have done a great job. Thanks for being part of such a wonderful team.
