
#Unit Testing with Junit

We are doing the unit testing with the JUnit framework which allows us to unit test on any public classes and that have any number of methods. It provides methods to easily assert things of our classes, as well as the ability to run groups of tests. The test methodology has been written for (Table, D6, Turn Manager and Unit) classes. Each class includes several methods, which tests the accurate functionality of the required classes with valid input. 
##Procedure
Initially, there is a test class for the table class which calculates the table’s methods such as, getToHit, getToHitAssualt, getToWound. For each method, we insert the value into the required field of the method. On the other hand we insert a value for the expected field. The method in the table should calculate matrix in the table and pass the test cases. The second test class (Turn Manager) is testing the phase of the game with each of the player’s turn, Phase, shooting, and moving. There are several methods for the turn manger test class such as testPlayer1Turn, testIncPhase , testDecPhase , testGetPhase , testIsMove , testIsShoot, testIsAssualt which all test the method described and pass successfully. In unit.java we unit test several specific methods that are possible to unit test, others like handle mouse click are best left to Intgration tests as their effects are more visual and difficult to test in this fashion.  

#Integration testing
As the class window.java is basically the main for the project we are preforming all of our integration testing here. We temporarily modify the class D6.java to return predictable values and test how unit movement works and how turn manager works in the actual game itself. As there are things that unit testing can miss.
##Procedure 
To begin we need to test the buttons that display units that users have chosen. We add System.out.println statements to the button on actions to see if the proper unit has been chosen. The same process is repeated when we look at the handle click actions, in this portion we mainly wanted to see if the proper unit was being moved, and also that the unit could not move too far. this also served as a test for the Handle mouse click method and the toString method of unit. 
In Unit we tested all methods related to shooting and charging thoroughly by experimenting with strange ways units could be selected. primarily attempting to have an enemy unit hit another enemy unit by letting the opponent move his units therefore his units were selected and then shooting one of his own units. This is not possible because of the way turn manager and unit's Handle mouse click work. other things we tested for are shooting success, charging success, charging order (if a unit has higher I stat it should go first in combat and so on), and finally movement. We also tested all possible victory conditions, eventually adding a draw condition as a possibility. In a rare case where two units have the same initiative, and both kill each other while being the last units on their respective teams, then a draw is possible. We also detected several bugs with shooting and charging along with weird movement patterns.
In all tests Bugs were recorded and finally diagnosed by one of the three of us to be fixed. All bug fixes are now committed and all facets of both unit and Window have been proven to work.
